THINGS TO FIX 4

-- SORT OF DONE -- Each change in change log etc. should have a reference to the requirements created after focus group 1

-- COMMENTED -- Show pictures of the visualizations in the discussion and conclusion chapters (at least conclusion).

-- DEAN -- Refer the prototypes to the Hill-triangle.

-- POSTPONED -- Add table showing the relationship between requirements and scenarios. 

Add reference for user experience trinity

IMU -> Acceleration

After A: An example of such information is sensor data from the patient. Has been shown to be nice to have :P. Connect the last part of introduction to the research questions. Give example of typical situation. A typical situation would be the patient bla bla and the physiotherapist using the data bla bal. 

In introduction to chapters: Instead of relevant for the report, say relevant to answer the research questions. 

Do not say in the report that you are using the book.

Remove threats to validity as its own subsection. Just let the text flow as a river in the forest.

Open with Personal Informatics, then mention Quantified Self. 

Make it clear that activPAL is designed for research as oppose to self-help.

Change order of chapter 3 and 4. Fix reference to activPAL.

In research design you have to remind the reader of the research questions and describe why we are using the method we are using.

In activPAL section, mention the shit from medical equipment then remove the medial equipment section.

In discussion say that the software will easily comply to the medical equipment rules, but you still have to get the permit before the technology can be used.

Move the ISO-picture to 5.2

Make it clear that the last paragraphs in requirement gathering is part of the results of the interview.

Refer to the requirements in the paper sketch section. Tell the reader what the different requirement ids represent so they don't have to go back to initial requirements.

Mention IR-7 in timeline charts section of paper sketches.

Remove comment about the paper sketches being reviewed by supervisor

Remove the part about not finding physiotherapists to review the sketches.

^ 5.3 Brainstorming has to be changed accordingly 

Mention that it was a point to show the focus groups an application using real sensor data.

Prototype 1 table showing the visualizations should have a column of requirements they satisfy 

Focus group 1, mention the questionnaire

Fix research question to say scenario instead of use case

Remove use case from all the thing

Create a section in conclusion that talks about the different ways to show the visualizations: Laptop, tablet, printouts.

Flow: Introduction to research question

Flow: Research question to research design
